[17.0][IMP] mail_forward: Add option to forward a message to another thread (#1557)
OCA/social: mail_forward/readme/CONFIGURE.md

To enable a model to forward messages to another thread:

- With debug mode activated, go to `Settings -> Technical -> Database Structure -> Models`.

> - Search for the model you wish to enable. Ensure it is not a `Transient Model` and that `Has Mail Thread` is enabled.
> - Mark the option `Enable Forward to thread` and save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for the model you wish to enable.
- Mark the option `Enable Forward To` and save. Transient models or those without mail thread won't have this check visible.
```
